README.md, before:

# FromVin
Find Wines and Cheeses to your taste.


## Site Owner Goal



## User Stories




## Site Layout



## Design Decisions

### General Design



### Data Specific Design


#### Database Schema




### Wireframes



#### Desktop





#### Mobile





### Technologies used

- Gitpod - this was the chosen development platform.
- Bootstrap for site layout, container code, navbar functions - used throughout for rich content and responsive behaviour.
- JQuery addon used for rich function searching in order to appropriately target html and CSS for site functionality.
- GitHub - utilised for cloud backups and project progression.
- Realfavicongenerator.net - used to correctly generate site favicons.
- Mockplus Classic - Used for wireframes of the project - possibly the best free option so far in my opinion.
- Heroku - for deploying and hosting the application.  
- Creately - used to document the database schema.


## Testing

### Validation service

#### HTML




#### CSS




#### JavaScript



#### Python



#### Wave(WebAIM) validator




#### Internal custom validation
Note for future - code to disable form and test webhooks can be found in BA profile video 9, at the end. form.submit in stripe_elements.js.




### Page links



### Browsers





### Testing that Heroku version matches development version.




## Known issues




## Future improvements


## Deployment Procedure

### Local Deployment



### Cloning this exact project



### Deployment via Heroku


## User story walkthroughs



## Conclusion



## Attribution
- Assistance with adding django messages found at [Ordinarycoders.com](https://www.ordinarycoders.com/blog/article/django-messages-framework)
- Assistance with deploying static files with heroku found at [dev.to](https://dev.to/developerroad/tutorial-deploying-a-django-app-on-heroku-4k6o) 
- Images resized for deployment using [Resizeimage.net](https://resizeimage.net/)
- Addition of select form assistance using [GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/choicefield-django-forms/)
- Assistance with getting a sample of Django data [Stackoverflow - lukeaus](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22816704/django-get-a-random-object)
- Guide for addition of a blog to the site [DjangoCentral](https://djangocentral.com/building-a-blog-application-with-django/)



### Images

#### General
- noimage.jpg - [Wikimedia commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:No_Image_Available.jpg) - Creative Commons Licence

#### Red Wines
- merlot1 image - [Wikimedia commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Estepa_Merlot_Red_Wine_Series_(4532104130).jpg) - Creative Commons Licence
- penfolds1 - [Pxhere.com](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1151043) - Creative Commons Licence
- bordeaux1 - [Pxhere.com](https://pxhere.com/id/photo/868424) - Creative Commons Licence
- werken1 - [Pxhere.com](https://pxhere.com/fi/photo/694393) - Creative Commons Licence
- thalia1 - [hippopx.com](https://www.hippopx.com/en/wine-bottle-red-wine-fruit-wine-red-cork-bottle-52248)- Creative Commons Licence
- swartland1 - [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-alcohol-drink-glass-bottle-3180220/) - stevepb
- kalimna1 - [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/bottle-beverage-wine-drink-alcohol-50571/) - Holgi
- smithhook1 - [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-bottle-alcohol-drink-party-3916274/) - pixexid
- nuits1 - [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/dinner-salad-wine-glass-bottle-732057/) - TesaPhotography
- coupage1 [pixapay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/bottle-wine-red-wine-drink-glass-2975864/) - wjsm1978
- bordeaux2 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-red-wine-alcohol-france-drink-360286/) - luctheo
- portalegre1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-red-wine-portugal-reserve-4556413/) - mariadasdores

#### White Wines
- waterside1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-wineglass-leisure-drink-2789280/) - stevepb
- schoffit1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-alcohol-drink-bottle-liquid-3092944/) - Sponchia
- leopardsleap1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/white-wine-drink-alcohol-bottle-3185546/) - stevepb
- boutari1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-wine-bottle-white-wine-bottle-1209623/) - Free-Photos
- nobilo1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-bottle-white-lemons-plums-1576564/) - ponce_photography
- tojaki1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-white-wine-vineyard-glass-2479720/) - 5519128
- riesling1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/white-wine-bottle-sky-clouds-76834/) - 12019
- pineau1 - [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-white-wine-pineau-drink-4094235/) - stefangrage
- lugana1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/white-wine-glass-grapes-stones-4606960/) - Rene1905
- williamette1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/willamette-valley-vineyards-oregon-4280364/) - Olichel
- granger1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-and-wine-wine-bottle-glass-3490303/) - jeanvdmeulen
- privat1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-wine-bottle-wine-glass-5154598/) - ReinhardThrainer


#### Dessert Wines
- sauternes1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/illustrations/sweet-white-wine-ivan-gan-2383801/) - wendy-chan
- sauternes2 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-white-wine-sauterne-bordeaux-360299/) - luctheo
- delaforce1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/drink-wine-alcohol-bottle-glass-3377626/) - DonnaSenzaFiato
- cruz1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/port-wine-porto-cruz-wine-tourism-2264096/) - Gentle07
- ferreira1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/bottle-wine-port-tequila-porto-4571546/) - AlLes


#### Soft Cheeses
- soft1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/oven-baked-cheese-cheese-baked-2817144/) - Couleur
- soft2 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/breadbasket-soft-cheese-creamy-3704381/) - Couleur
- soft3 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-platter-food-snack-grapes-6153716/) - Mammiya
- soft4 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-k%C3%A4seplatte-food-cheese-plate-4016647/) - ReinhardThrainer
- soft5 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-k%C3%A4seplatte-buffet-food-eat-4059250/) - congerdesign
- soft6 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-soft-cheese-food-eat-hearty-4107310/) - ThorstenF
- soft7 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-soft-cheese-brie-cheese-3686070/) - lucas_holiday
- soft8 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/soft-cheese-camembert-blue-cheese-822350/) - EME
- soft9 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-brie-curds-cracker-knife-1081082/) - dbreen
- soft10 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/soft-cheese-camembert-blue-cheese-822346/) - EME
- soft11 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/epoisse-cheese-cheese-fruit-pairing-2256023/) - Jaques2017
- soft12 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/st-pat-cheese-milk-product-food-3540/) - PDPhotos

#### Hard Cheeses
- hard1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-jarlsberg-norway-semi-soft-739735/) - pixel1
- hard2 [Pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1637327) - Creative Commons Licence
- hard3 [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1624743) - Creative Commons Licence
- hard4 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-cheese-loaf-market-stall-4021659/) - ReinhardThrainer
- hard5 [Pixnio](https://pixnio.com/food-and-drink/cheese/red-dragon-cheese#) - Jon Sullivan
- hard6 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/hard-cheese-home-production-928848/) - Fotovektor
- hard7 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wood-knife-cheese-food-hard-slice-3794057/) - 6342722
- hard8 [Pixnio](https://pixnio.com/food-and-drink/cheese/red-windsor-cheese#) - Jon Sullivan
- hard9 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-semi-hard-cheese-gouda-1029190/) - Peggy_Marco
- hard10 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-milk-product-cheese-loaf-4752609/) - moritz320
- hard11 [Pixnio](https://pixnio.com/food-and-drink/cheese/pecorino-romano-cheese#) - Jon Sullivan
- hard12 [Pixnio](https://pixnio.com/food-and-drink/cheese/port-salut-cheese#) - Jon Sullivan

#### Accompaniments
- chutney1 - [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/119408) - Creative Commons Licence
- chutney2 - [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/816936) - Creative Commons Licence
- chutney3 - [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1408223) - Creative Commons Licence
- crackers1 - [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1247287) - Creative Commons Licence
- crackers2 - [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1132679) - Creative Commons Licence
- bread1 - [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/595291) - Creative Commons Licence
- bread2 - [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1221989) - Creative Commons Licence
- bread3 - [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/25751) - Creative Commons Licence
- bread4 - [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/399077) - Creative Commons Licence

Commit message:

Add additional design information to readme.md

README.md, after:

# FromVin
Find Wines and Cheeses to your taste.


## Site Owner Goal
The site owner is looking to provide a platform for food lovers to purchase wine and cheese. 

If users know what they are looking to purchase, they can do so. For those who do not, they can head to 'recommend', select the type of wine or cheese that they know they like and receive recommendations on what to buy as a pairing.


## User Stories
A user will want to be able to do the following:
- Browse wine and cheese products
- Add wanted products to a basket
- Order and pay for said products to a stated delivery address
- Create a user account
- Access previous orders through said user account
- Find out information regarding cheese, wine
- Find out information regarding cheese and wine pairings


## Site Layout



## Design Decisions

### General Design
As a preface to the aspects that are more bespoke on the site, it needs to be stated that i've leaned quite heavily on the boutique ado project. As the only full ecommerce solution on the course and an ideal example of how to put together a django ecommerce site, it seemed like a natural source of a basis. This was discussed with my stand-in mentor to confirm this would be the case, and was told that it was expected, but should be stated outright here.

Otherwise, a fixed top navbar was selected so that a user can utilise the navigation even when midway down hundreds of products. On said navbar, the site has been split into it's shop, a homepage which acts as an informational guide, a recommendation page and a blog for more bespoke information from the site owners. (SPOTLIGHT ON SPECIFIC PRODUCTS?)


### Data Specific Design


#### Database Schema




### Wireframes



#### Desktop





#### Mobile





### Technologies used

- Gitpod - this was the chosen development platform.
- Bootstrap for site layout, container code, navbar functions - used throughout for rich content and responsive behaviour.
- JQuery addon used for rich function searching in order to appropriately target html and CSS for site functionality.
- GitHub - utilised for cloud backups and project progression.
- Realfavicongenerator.net - used to correctly generate site favicons.
- Mockplus Classic - Used for wireframes of the project - possibly the best free option so far in my opinion.
- Heroku - for deploying and hosting the application.  
- Creately - used to document the database schema.


## Testing

### Validation service

#### HTML




#### CSS




#### JavaScript



#### Python



#### Wave(WebAIM) validator




#### Internal custom validation
Note for future - code to disable form and test webhooks can be found in BA profile video 9, at the end. form.submit in stripe_elements.js.




### Page links



### Browsers





### Testing that Heroku version matches development version.




## Known issues




## Future improvements


## Deployment Procedure

### Local Deployment



### Cloning this exact project



### Deployment via Heroku


## User story walkthroughs



## Conclusion



## Attribution
- Assistance with adding django messages found at [Ordinarycoders.com](https://www.ordinarycoders.com/blog/article/django-messages-framework)
- Assistance with deploying static files with heroku found at [dev.to](https://dev.to/developerroad/tutorial-deploying-a-django-app-on-heroku-4k6o) 
- Images resized for deployment using [Resizeimage.net](https://resizeimage.net/)
- Addition of select form assistance using [GeeksforGeeks](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/choicefield-django-forms/)
- Assistance with getting a sample of Django data [Stackoverflow - lukeaus](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22816704/django-get-a-random-object)
- Guide for addition of a blog to the site [DjangoCentral](https://djangocentral.com/building-a-blog-application-with-django/)



### Images

#### General
- noimage.jpg - [Wikimedia commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:No_Image_Available.jpg) - Creative Commons Licence

#### Red Wines
- merlot1 image - [Wikimedia commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Estepa_Merlot_Red_Wine_Series_(4532104130).jpg) - Creative Commons Licence
- penfolds1 - [Pxhere.com](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1151043) - Creative Commons Licence
- bordeaux1 - [Pxhere.com](https://pxhere.com/id/photo/868424) - Creative Commons Licence
- werken1 - [Pxhere.com](https://pxhere.com/fi/photo/694393) - Creative Commons Licence
- thalia1 - [hippopx.com](https://www.hippopx.com/en/wine-bottle-red-wine-fruit-wine-red-cork-bottle-52248)- Creative Commons Licence
- swartland1 - [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-alcohol-drink-glass-bottle-3180220/) - stevepb
- kalimna1 - [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/bottle-beverage-wine-drink-alcohol-50571/) - Holgi
- smithhook1 - [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-bottle-alcohol-drink-party-3916274/) - pixexid
- nuits1 - [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/dinner-salad-wine-glass-bottle-732057/) - TesaPhotography
- coupage1 [pixapay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/bottle-wine-red-wine-drink-glass-2975864/) - wjsm1978
- bordeaux2 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-red-wine-alcohol-france-drink-360286/) - luctheo
- portalegre1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-red-wine-portugal-reserve-4556413/) - mariadasdores

#### White Wines
- waterside1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-wineglass-leisure-drink-2789280/) - stevepb
- schoffit1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-alcohol-drink-bottle-liquid-3092944/) - Sponchia
- leopardsleap1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/white-wine-drink-alcohol-bottle-3185546/) - stevepb
- boutari1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-wine-bottle-white-wine-bottle-1209623/) - Free-Photos
- nobilo1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-bottle-white-lemons-plums-1576564/) - ponce_photography
- tojaki1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-white-wine-vineyard-glass-2479720/) - 5519128
- riesling1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/white-wine-bottle-sky-clouds-76834/) - 12019
- pineau1 - [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-white-wine-pineau-drink-4094235/) - stefangrage
- lugana1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/white-wine-glass-grapes-stones-4606960/) - Rene1905
- williamette1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/willamette-valley-vineyards-oregon-4280364/) - Olichel
- granger1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-and-wine-wine-bottle-glass-3490303/) - jeanvdmeulen
- privat1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-wine-bottle-wine-glass-5154598/) - ReinhardThrainer


#### Dessert Wines
- sauternes1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/illustrations/sweet-white-wine-ivan-gan-2383801/) - wendy-chan
- sauternes2 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wine-white-wine-sauterne-bordeaux-360299/) - luctheo
- delaforce1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/drink-wine-alcohol-bottle-glass-3377626/) - DonnaSenzaFiato
- cruz1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/port-wine-porto-cruz-wine-tourism-2264096/) - Gentle07
- ferreira1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/bottle-wine-port-tequila-porto-4571546/) - AlLes


#### Soft Cheeses
- soft1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/oven-baked-cheese-cheese-baked-2817144/) - Couleur
- soft2 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/breadbasket-soft-cheese-creamy-3704381/) - Couleur
- soft3 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-platter-food-snack-grapes-6153716/) - Mammiya
- soft4 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-k%C3%A4seplatte-food-cheese-plate-4016647/) - ReinhardThrainer
- soft5 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-k%C3%A4seplatte-buffet-food-eat-4059250/) - congerdesign
- soft6 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-soft-cheese-food-eat-hearty-4107310/) - ThorstenF
- soft7 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-soft-cheese-brie-cheese-3686070/) - lucas_holiday
- soft8 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/soft-cheese-camembert-blue-cheese-822350/) - EME
- soft9 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-brie-curds-cracker-knife-1081082/) - dbreen
- soft10 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/soft-cheese-camembert-blue-cheese-822346/) - EME
- soft11 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/epoisse-cheese-cheese-fruit-pairing-2256023/) - Jaques2017
- soft12 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/st-pat-cheese-milk-product-food-3540/) - PDPhotos

#### Hard Cheeses
- hard1 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-jarlsberg-norway-semi-soft-739735/) - pixel1
- hard2 [Pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1637327) - Creative Commons Licence
- hard3 [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1624743) - Creative Commons Licence
- hard4 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-cheese-loaf-market-stall-4021659/) - ReinhardThrainer
- hard5 [Pixnio](https://pixnio.com/food-and-drink/cheese/red-dragon-cheese#) - Jon Sullivan
- hard6 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/hard-cheese-home-production-928848/) - Fotovektor
- hard7 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/wood-knife-cheese-food-hard-slice-3794057/) - 6342722
- hard8 [Pixnio](https://pixnio.com/food-and-drink/cheese/red-windsor-cheese#) - Jon Sullivan
- hard9 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-semi-hard-cheese-gouda-1029190/) - Peggy_Marco
- hard10 [pixabay.com](https://pixabay.com/photos/cheese-milk-product-cheese-loaf-4752609/) - moritz320
- hard11 [Pixnio](https://pixnio.com/food-and-drink/cheese/pecorino-romano-cheese#) - Jon Sullivan
- hard12 [Pixnio](https://pixnio.com/food-and-drink/cheese/port-salut-cheese#) - Jon Sullivan

#### Accompaniments
- chutney1 - [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/119408) - Creative Commons Licence
- chutney2 - [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/816936) - Creative Commons Licence
- chutney3 - [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1408223) - Creative Commons Licence
- crackers1 - [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1247287) - Creative Commons Licence
- crackers2 - [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1132679) - Creative Commons Licence
- bread1 - [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/595291) - Creative Commons Licence
- bread2 - [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/1221989) - Creative Commons Licence
- bread3 - [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/25751) - Creative Commons Licence
- bread4 - [pxhere](https://pxhere.com/en/photo/399077) - Creative Commons Licence
